1.	Write a program that accepts the marks of 5 subjects and finds the sum and percentage of marks obtained by the student.
2.	Write a program that calculates the Simple Interest and Compound Interest. The Principal Amount, Rate of Interest, and Time are entered through the keyboard.
3.	Write a program to calculate the area and circumference of a circle.
4.	Write a program that accepts the temperature in Centigrade and converts it into Fahrenheit using the formula C / 5 = (F – 32) / 9.
5.	Write a program that swaps the values of two variables using a third variable.
6.	Write a program that checks whether the two numbers entered by the user are equal or not.
7.	Write a program to find the greatest of three numbers.
8.	Write a program that finds whether a given number is even or odd.
9.	Write a program that tells whether a given year is a leap year or not.
10.	Write a program that accepts marks of five subjects and finds percentage and prints grades according to the  following criteria: 
 	 90-100%—————————Print ‘A’
    	80-90%—————————–Print ‘B’
   	60-80%—————————–Print ‘C’
   	Below 60%————————Print ‘D’.
11.	Write a program that takes two operands and one operator from the user and performs the operation and prints the result by using the Switch statement.
12.	Write a program to print the sum of all numbers up to a given number.
13.	Write a program to find the factorial of a given number.
14.	Write a program to print the sum of even and odd numbers from 1 to N numbers.
15.	Write a program to print the Fibonacci series.
16.	Write a program to check whether the entered number is prime or not.
17.	Write a program to find the sum of digits of the entered number.
18.	Write a program to find the reverse of a number.
19.	Write a program to print Armstrong numbers from 1 to 1000.
20.	Write a program to convert the binary number into a decimal number and vice versa.
21.	Write a program that simply takes elements of the array from the user and finds the sum of these elements.
22.	Write a program that inputs two arrays and saves the sum of corresponding elements of these arrays in a third array and prints them.
23.	Write a program to find the minimum and maximum elements of the array using pointer.
24.	Write a program to search an element in an array using Linear Search.
25.	Write a program to sort the elements of the array in ascending order using the Bubble Sort technique.
26.	Write a program to sort the elements of the array in ascending order using the insertion sort and selection sort with function.
27.	Write a program to search an element in an array using Binary Search
28.	Write a program to add and multiply two matrices.
29.	Write a program that finds the sum of diagonal elements of a m x n matrix.
30.	Write a program to print the Fibonacci series and find the factorial of a number using recursion.
31.	Write a program to swap two elements using the concept of pointers.
32.	Define a structure data type name STUDENT. The type contains student id: string type, student name: type string, student age:type integer, total marks: float type. Display all the record of the student.
33.	Define a structure data type name STUDENTS. The type contains student id: string type, student name: type string, student age:type integer, total marks: float type. Display all the record of the  n students using array of structure.
34.	Create structure data type name ADDRESS;- The type contains city: string type,  pincode: type integer.  Create structure data type name EMPLOYEE;- The type contains name: string type. Display all the information of the Employee using concept of nested structure.
35.	Write a program to implement strlen ( ), strcat ( ), strcpy ( )  without using the string library        Functions.
36.	Write a program to reverse the string.
37.	Write a program to compare the contents of two files and determine whether they are  the same or not.
38.	Write a program to check whether a given word exists in a file or not. If yes then find the number of times it occurs.
39.	Write a program to print the given pattern 
*			A 	5 4 3 2 1
** 		          B A	    4 3 2 1
***		       C B A	       3 2 1
****		    D C B A	          2 1
*****  		 E D C B A		1
40.Write a program to print the given pattern
			*
		          ***
		        *****
		          ***
		           *











